how about channel friends eight promotions
this is the top 10 of what happened on
last Sunday, June 14 at the
Room Juan Pantitlán Number 10
months to kings punishing hard at
Junior black bull with this great
friend combination and takes it with the
knees to chest number 9
for me it is with this great flight it was out
from the deadly quadrilateral towards the front
included on the flyer
the number eight to fly the element
of the world wrestling council a
canadian exterior 2 canadian destroyers
consecutive in addition
it's like this was my if it punishes him
hard on the canvas of the sand 5 a
18 for flyer
the number 7 is for tuke mike
ninja receives this form fly star what
holds it and charges it against
woods to the side of the ring again
mike number 7 in this top
number 6 for toc sing punishing you
he gets it this kick of leo the controls
and take it with this suplex
impressive the punishment of toxin over
the ninja turtles
number 5
the black bull June the great game of
strings and with this mortal well out of the
Awesome quadrilateral movement
of the bull takes the number 5 of this
top
number 4 red flame with this great mortal
from the first floor of the sanjuán arena
pantitlan with the risk involved in
possibility of falling on the seats
red flame is number 4
number 3
junior flyer with this super
frankenstein er wearing flamita seemed
that it was all for the venue but it was not
so number 3 for the junior flyer
number 2 half with this great mortal
out of the ring with a
very injured leg after a
very complicated fight still reaches
make this great movement and number 1
is for the mystic warrior steps on
second rope great screw if it were the
quadrilateral spectacular movement to the
mystic warrior takes the number 1 of
this top and this channel 8 promotions the
moments minus at least 1 the half
try to fly he slips with the canvas with
the leg that already brings hurt falls from
a brutal way fortunately not
happened greater and planet could finish the
fight and the minus 12 is for skiman
trying to take mike with these
light does not manage to close them falls of
back is given a hard hard blow with
a wood that surrounds the kingdom of the arenal
San Juan
an extra moment let's listen
but that was not all the mysterious
seeks to escape from the second trauma
feel the boot that receives the blow and
ground
until the floor went to give the king of yogurt
looking to avoid the second stage and that
it was not everything gets into the food area
looking to escape the trauma and good
it seems that it made someone bad for
there
there is the mysterious juniors a
moment to extract moment is the number
four
again the black bull juniors in this
top but now it's going to look for a
amateur of the legion x up to the
quadrilateral and he gives this belt to his
Careful amateurs with this the bull
black I look over the quadrilateral
I'm the amateur, it's clean and it did not happen
nothing and the figure is half without place to
doubts not only about the triumph over
a great wrestling like the
junior flyer but the way it is
take this victory
recovering from a knee injury
some mistakes some actions
unfortunate but with the pure heart
recognizing that it was not his best fight
but with a lot of effort half of it
take this victory and take the
Applause from the public and recognition
of his rival half is the figure of
this face function fight professions
next Saturday July 11 in the
sand sanjuan pantitlan new poster
Every fight promotions has been announced
already the star fight rus the element of
world wrestling council against
pagan you can not miss this great
confrontation are pending of each
fight